[AI] Rename vertexAI to agentPlatform (#16372)
firebase/firebase-ios-sdk: FirebaseAI/CHANGELOG.md

# 12.16.0

> - [changed] Deprecated `Backend.vertexAI` in favor of `Backend.agentPlatform` (supporting `"global"` as the default location instead of `"us-central1"`).

Reviewer: Any thoughts on this instead?
```suggestion
- [changed] Deprecated `Backend.vertexAI` in favor of `Backend.agentPlatform` to
  reflect the renaming of Vertex AI to Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform.
  (#16372)

  Note: The default location is now `global` instead of `us-central1` (no other
  functionality has changed). To continue using `us-central1`, specify
  `FirebaseAI.firebaseAI(backend: .agentPlatform(location: "us-central1"))` when
  initializing the SDK.
```
